Performance support for Serverless on Node (#2508)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/guides/gcp-functions/index.mdx

  - /platforms/node/gcp_functions/
---

_(New in version 5.26.0)_

> Add `@sentry/serverless` as a dependency to `package.json`:

Reviewer: Why we use `package.json` instructions here, but `npm install` in AWSLambda? They should be consistent

Author: GCP pulls in npm modules from package.json without having to install Sentry.

```

To set up Sentry for a GCP Cloud Function:

```javascript {tabTitle:http functions}
const Sentry = require("@sentry/serverless");

Sentry.GCPFunction.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

exports.helloHttp = Sentry.GCPFunction.wrapHttpFunction((req, res) => {
  throw new Error('oh, hello there!');
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:background functions}
const Sentry = require("@sentry/serverless");

Sentry.GCPFunction.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

exports.helloEvents = Sentry.GCPFunction.wrapEventFunction((data, context, callback) => {
  throw new Error('oh, hello there!');
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:cloudEvents}
const Sentry = require("@sentry/serverless");

Sentry.GCPFunction.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
});

exports.helloEvents = Sentry.GCPFunction.wrapCloudEventFunction((context, callback) => {
  throw new Error('oh, hello there!');
});
```

Check out Sentry's [GCP sample apps](https://github.com/getsentry/examples/tree/master/gcp-cloud-functions/node) for detailed examples. Refer to the [JavaScript docs](/platforms/javascript/) for more configuration options.

## Behavior

> With the AWS Lambda integration enabled, the Node SDK will:

Reviewer: Copy paste from Lambda 🙃

- Automatically report all events from your Lambda Functions.

> - You can <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/#filtering-transaction-events">modify the transaction sample rate</PlatformLink> using `tracesSampleRate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allows you to <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/#filtering-transaction-events">modify the transaction sample rate</PlatformLink> using `tracesSampleRate`.
```

- Issue reports automatically include:
  - A link to the cloudwatch logs
  - Function details
  - sys.argv for the function
  - AWS Request ID
  - Function execution time
  - Function version

> - Sentry holds the thread for upto 2 seconds to report errors. You can change flush time limit by defining a `flushTimeout` value in the handler options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Sentry holds the thread for up to two seconds to report errors. You can change flush time limit by defining a `flushTimeout` value in the handler options
```

> - Request data is attached to all events: **HTTP method, URL, headers, form data, JSON payloads**. Sentry excludes raw bodies and multipart file uploads. Sentry also excludes personally identifiable information (such as user ids, usernames, cookies, authorization headers, IP addresses) unless you set `sendDefaultPii` to `True`.

Reviewer: Same here. There's no `sendDefaultPii`.
